----new cluster ---
RT @BBCBreaking: US reality TV star Kim Kardashian-West "badly shaken but physically unharmed" after being held at gunpoint in Paris hotel… 

RT @BBCBreaking: US reality TV star Kim Kardashian-West "badly shaken but physically unharmed" after being held at gunpoint in Paris hotel… 

RT @BBCBreaking: US reality TV star Kim Kardashian-West "badly shaken but physically unharmed" after being held at gunpoint in Paris hotel… 

RT @BBCBreaking: US reality TV star Kim Kardashian-West "badly shaken but physically unharmed" after being held at gunpoint in Paris hotel… 

----new cluster ---
Kim Kardashian Held at Gunpoint in Paris Hotel, Spokeswoman Says  

Spokeswoman: Kim Kardashian West held up at gunpoint in Paris.  

BREAKING: Spokeswoman says Kim Kardashian held up at gunpoint at Paris hotel room by men dressed as police. 

Kanye West abruptly cuts short his show at New York City music festival due to 'emergency,' organizer says.  

Kim Kardashian West was held at gunpoint in her Paris hotel room Sunday night, according to her spokesperson.  

Rapper Kanye West abruptly left his set early at Meadows Festival in NY after declaring "family emergency."  

RT @BBCWorld: Kanye West halts New York show after Kim Kardashian held at gunpoint in Paris. 

RT @BBCWorld: Kanye West halts New York show after Kim Kardashian held at gunpoint in Paris. 

RT @BBCWorld: Kanye West halts New York show after Kim Kardashian held at gunpoint in Paris. 

RT @BBCWorld: Kanye West halts New York show after Kim Kardashian held at gunpoint in Paris. 

Kim Kardashian West robbed at gunpoint in Paris hotel as five men escape with jewellery worth millions  

Kim Kardashian West held up at gunpoint in her Paris hotel room  

A representative confirmed Kim Kardashian West was held at gunpoint in her hotel room in Paris.  

RT @EmilyYahr: Kim Kardashian held at gunpoint in Paris, Kanye West abruptly cancels concert for 'family emergency'  

Kim Kardashian West held up at gunpoint by masked men  

Spokeswoman: #KimKardashian held up at gunpoint in Paris by masked men posing as police officers:…  

RT @IndyMusic: Kanye West ends his performance short after learning Kim K was held up at gunpoint in Paris  

Kim Kardashian held at gunpoint by fake police in Paris hotel  

Kanye West stops NYC concert due to "family emergency"  

Kanye West abruptly ends New York City concert after Kim Kardashian held up at gunpoint in Paris hotel room.…  

Kim Kardashian held up at gun point in Paris hotel room  

Kanye West ends his New York concert early due to a "family emergency"  

----new cluster ---
RT @AP_Politics: Giuliani says Trump is better for the U.S. "than a woman," and "everybody" cheats on their spouse:  

For the past 4 years, Dindim the penguin has returned to the man who saved his life. Scientists want to learn more.…  

US to Americans at Oktoberfest: Have a blast but don't turn into a "beer corpse"  

Jesse Lingard: England call up Man Utd winger for World Cup qualifiers  

Man arrested at Hengistbury Head after woman's body found  

Jesse Lingard: England call up Man Utd winger for World Cup qualifiers  

Man arrested at Hengistbury Head after woman's body found  

Jesse Lingard: England call up Man Utd winger for World Cup qualifiers  

Man arrested at Hengistbury Head after woman's body found  

Jesse Lingard: England call up Man Utd winger for World Cup qualifiers  

Man arrested at Hengistbury Head after woman's body found  

Affleck, Damon bicker over who's better friends with Tom Brady  

Ian Fleming left teasers about Bletchley Park in James Bond novels, expert claims  

Acting and playing like — dare we say it? — their European rivals, the U.S. figured out how to dominate #RyderCup.  

Why the best leaders want their superstar employees to leave  

How to have the body language of a leader: For starters, don’t tilt your head  

Tim Burton explains why his movies are full of white people 

After African American man is killed by police, Pasadena grapples with race, history and progress…  

Top Trump adviser Giuliani: "Don’t you think a man who has this kind of economic genius is a lot better for the Uni…  

Man's best friend may be the flu's worst enemy  

----new cluster ---
Taliban Fighters Again Enter Northern Afghan City of Kunduz  

"It makes you wonder where the Christians went"  

What New York can learn from Barcelona's "superblocks"  

Jamaica has long opposed its reputation as the land of ganja. Now it wants to cash in on it.  

Taunted by friends, brother tells @AP why he shot and killed sister to save "honor."  

Taunted by friends, brother tells @AP why he shot and killed sister to save "honor."   

Municipal elections in Brazil deliver defeat to president and Workers' Party. By @peterprengaman and @MSavarese.  

Activists calling on LAPD to publicly name officers involved in the deadly shooting of 18-year-old black man.  

RT @AP_Politics: NBA star, Ohio native LeBron James backs Clinton on eve of her visit to his hometown.  

Mental health powers force 200 children to have treatment  

Rail passengers can seek refunds for dirty loos 💪🏼  

Meet Virginia Bliss, a mom who is volunteering to receive an experimental Zika vaccine  

Think @lisaling has what it takes to be an MMA fighter? Tonight is going to be a knockout. #ThisIsLife at 10p!…  

“Prepare yourself. This show… is filled with the most awesome music ever.”- @Bourdain. We’re headed to Nashville in…  

Don’t ever question @Bourdain's knife skills. We mean it. Experience a slice of Nashville tonight on #PartsUnknown…  

Virgin Trains East Coast rail staff strike under way  

Virgin Trains East Coast rail staff strike under way  

Virgin Trains East Coast rail staff strike under way  

Virgin Trains East Coast rail staff strike under way  

Drivers stunned as porn appears on electronic billboard  

How to memorialize someone's Facebook account  

Infiniti's VC-Turbo engine puts out V6 power with a diesel's efficiency  

Drivers stunned as porn appears on electronic billboard  

Reykjavik turns off street lamps so citizens can view the northern lights  

Meet the jets and props of the Royal Air Force Museum Cosford  

FULL-TIME SCORES - Man City 0-2 Spurs, Leicester City 0-0 Southampton #PremierLeagueCatch more LIVE football here  

Google: the internet giant with designs on a high street revival 

Marina Fogle was shamed by 'smug' mothers because she gave birth to her children by caesarian section 

The City of London will be fine after Brexit – and a vengeful Europe would be shooting itself in the foot  

U.S. team shows killer instinct in dominant Ryder Cup win  

"I grew up in a racist, survivalist, paranoid household. I know all about normalizing hate."  

“She believed it was the portal to Satan." His mom banned science fiction, now he's an award-winning writer  

"This is a terrible thing, but I know this town will rally." SC town mourns school shooting losses with blood drive  

How Neil Hunt, Netflix chief product officer, is making the company’s global push go  

Saudi Arabia pays $1 billion to help laid-off migrants from India and elsewhere. 

Women board members supply skills key to corporate governance, study says  

TE Connectivity CEO Tom Lynch to step down; president will be successor  

It’s a new space age for satellite builders  

American Airlines CIO describes IT’s crucial role after a weather disruption  

Take an early look at the front page of The Wall Street Journal  

The art of the office conversation: A few simple rules to do better at workplace chats  

Little space, large life: Why we live in a teeny apartment with three children  

Who gave Trump’s taxes to the New York Times? The mystery behind a bombshell story.  

In "serious and disturbing" letter, incoming Missouri lawmaker accuses another of raping her  

"Imagine President Trump." Another conservative paper can't, endorses first Democrat since 1868.  

It's not safe to run alone, my friends say. I do it anyway.  

Giants toast Scully’s finale: ‘I have said enough for a lifetime’  

Giants give honor of addressing fans to Peavy  

Gunshots heard at Concord Police headquarters  

Gandhi statue in Davis met with protesters  

Growing incursions into al-Aqsa Mosque by Jewish groups could lead to bloodshed, observers warn.…  

Does voting third party mean a Donald Trump victory? Green Party candidate for US president @DrJillStein weighs in.  

Opinion: Abbas attended the funeral of Peres, paying tribute to an architect of Palestinians' oppression…  

RT @AJENews: One killed after Indian army camp in Baramulla, India-administered Kashmir, comes under attack  

Mother sues airline after 5-year-old son is flown to wrong city  

Refugee children 'detained and forced to strip naked' for carrying toy guns  

Men are angry about women stealing their hoodies, so they've launched a fightback  

Funeral live-streaming might encourage 'lazy mourners'  

Leeds homelessness protesters fight legal bid to evict tent city  

Louis Theroux: Savile review – from awkward to seriously uncomfortable … and extraordinary  

Quarter of a million children receiving mental health care in England  

Ben Cooper: ‘Radio 1 is up against Minecraft for young audiences’  

Taliban launches major assault on Afghan city of Kunduz  

The L.A. Phil's nonstop new music marathon, 'Noon to Midnight'  

RT @MattHjourno: Confirmed: the man shot earlier by LAPD near 45th &amp; Ascot died in the hospital. A handgun was recovered at scene. Updated… 

Police embrace 'de-escalation' to reduce shootings, but some officers remain skeptical  

L.A. targets full-time community college students for free tuition  

Neville Marriner, L.A. Chamber Orchestra music director and 'Amadeus' maestro, dies at 92  

.@ABC News/WaPo poll: Americans thought Clinton won the first debate by a near-record margin  

Tough new Maryland drunk-driving law requires those convicted of DUI to use in-vehicle breathalyzers.…  

After mother found dead, pair of baby manatees not old enough to survive on their own rescued in the Florida Keys.…  

Ohio police officers provide special homecoming dance escort to daughters of fallen comrade. "It's our honor."…  

RT @GMA: .@KimKardashian "held up at gunpoint" in her Paris hotel room, spokesperson says. "Badly shaken…physically unharmed"  

.@ABC News/SSRS poll: More than 40% of Americans can't name the vice-presidential candidates.…  

New suspect arrested in 2014 murder of prominent Florida State University law professor.  

In Charlotte, Clinton says her white grandchildren are spared the fearful experiences many black children face.…  

Older Americans are jeopardizing their retirement with divorce  

Greece’s least wanted man lives in Maryland  

Duterte is looking for friends in new places  

Instead of tax hikes, this Michigan city is asking the rich for donations  

Welcome to St. Louis, the hot spot for litigation tourists  

Facebook's new app doesn't do much — and that's on purpose  

1 soldier dead as Indian army base in Kashmir is attacked by militants  

Meet Star Trek's new warrior  

----new cluster ---
RT @5liveSport: "What a start for Justin Rose!" - Bruce-BallA birdie on the first, and he's 1 up on Rickie Fowler#RyderCup📻 

RT @5liveSport: "What a start for Justin Rose!" - Bruce-BallA birdie on the first, and he's 1 up on Rickie Fowler#RyderCup📻 

RT @5liveSport: "What a start for Justin Rose!" - Bruce-BallA birdie on the first, and he's 1 up on Rickie Fowler#RyderCup📻 

RT @5liveSport: "What a start for Justin Rose!" - Bruce-BallA birdie on the first, and he's 1 up on Rickie Fowler#RyderCup📻 

----new cluster ---
RT @BBCSport: US captain Davis Love has paid tribute to Arnold Palmer as his side clinched victory at the #RyderCup  

RT @BBCSport: There it is!Passionate celebrations ensue at Hazeltine.USA have won the #RyderCup for the first time since 2008. 

RT @BBCSport: US captain Davis Love has paid tribute to Arnold Palmer as his side clinched victory at the #RyderCup  

RT @BBCSport: There it is!Passionate celebrations ensue at Hazeltine.USA have won the #RyderCup for the first time since 2008. 

RT @BBCSport: US captain Davis Love has paid tribute to Arnold Palmer as his side clinched victory at the #RyderCup  

RT @BBCSport: There it is!Passionate celebrations ensue at Hazeltine.USA have won the #RyderCup for the first time since 2008. 

RT @BBCSport: US captain Davis Love has paid tribute to Arnold Palmer as his side clinched victory at the #RyderCup  

RT @BBCSport: There it is!Passionate celebrations ensue at Hazeltine.USA have won the #RyderCup for the first time since 2008. 

----new cluster ---
The conservative media used to be a megaphone for the Republican Party. Then Donald Trump made things complicated.  

Grab yer boots  

To improve health, cities are changing their streetlights  

Data recorder in Hoboken train crash didn't work, NTSB says  

Meet Luigi, an MIT robot that's designed to harness the gold mine of information lurking in sewers…  

"I just think it sucks": Wells Fargo illegally seized a soldier's car  

An inspired United States team reclaimed the Ryder Cup Sunday  

Ryder Cup 2016: United States beat Europe at Hazeltine  

Ryder Cup 2016: United States beat Europe at Hazeltine  

Ryder Cup 2016: United States beat Europe at Hazeltine  

Ryder Cup 2016: United States beat Europe at Hazeltine  

How to use Google search to find your lost Android phone  

How to play Android games on your Windows PC  

Tomorrow's Daily Telegraph front page today: 'We must look beyond Europe'  

Spoiler alert from 'Westworld': The robots are not all right.  

Brexit trigger news sends British pound lower  

How cinephile Kim Jong-il kidnapped a director to improve local films  

What makes a sex tape a sex tape? Here are a few things Donald Trump should know  

This delivery pizza is made by robots  

RT @ReutersTIMA: Reuters-TIMA's live cameras will overlook the #Maracana for the #Rio2016 closing ceremony #livepositions #Olympics https:/… 

RT @KSegedin: Snapchat Hacks: Break TV rules, zoom, vertical, use pencil, blow up emoji for backboards, hold emoji over video &amp; it will sti… 

Massive fire destroys more than 30 buses at school bus transportation company lot in Waukesha County, Wisconsin.…  

Washington receiver DeSean Jackson wears police-tape cleats to make social statement regarding 'senseless killings.…  

This website is fighting for the right to run sex ads  

U.S. beat Europe to win back the Ryder Cup  

----new cluster ---
He had a stroke at 26. What he learned: "Untangle from the digital world and plug back into what really matters."  

First Date's @fredsirieix1 offers his dating advice 😉 

Two priceless Vincent van Gogh paintings stolen in 2002 have been discovered in an Italian farmhouse…  

Teddy Ruxpin, the iconic talking bear from the late '80s, is back -- with a few upgrades  

Outhouse in Forest of Dean - 1 of 6 buildings shortlisted for @RIBA #StirlingPrize  

Outhouse in Forest of Dean - 1 of 6 buildings shortlisted for @RIBA #StirlingPrize  

Outhouse in Forest of Dean - 1 of 6 buildings shortlisted for @RIBA #StirlingPrize  

Outhouse in Forest of Dean - 1 of 6 buildings shortlisted for @RIBA #StirlingPrize  

The now-back-underway #SWALIV is the first of five #PremierLeague matches - follow LIVE coverage…  

RT @TelegraphSport: Here are the standings as everyone floods for the exits at Hazeltine...#TeamUSA 16#TeamEurope 10#RyderCup  

Fixing Twitter will be a huge challenge for anyone who buys it 

RT @usatodaylife: Nate Parker doesn't apologize on '60 Minutes': 'I was vindicated.' #BirthOfANation  

RT @WSJspeakeasy: #FearTWD season 2 finale recap: 'Wrath' and 'North'  

Coming soon: REWIND revisits 10 years of unforgettable characters and award-winning stories told on Al Jazeera Engl…  

1.8 million people.  

A courageous clan of 11 blind people try to keep hopes and dreams alive as another family member faces blindness.  

Three pensioners take down serial burglar  

40 trips you should take before you turn 30  

The cultural differences between East and West in one series of illustrations  

People didn't really know how to handle Tyson Fury's tweet after the cocaine story  

Channel 4 are reportedly seeking another classic comedy duo to host GBBO  

People didn't really know how to handle Tyson Fury's tweet after the cocaine story  

Three pensioners take down serial burglar in remarkable footage  

Derek Carr's four TD passes help Raiders hand Ravens their first loss  

Tesla deliveries up 70% but may fall short of 2016 forecasts  

6 days to go #DMSUSA16! With a powerful speaker lineup covering the major topics in media, you don't want to miss it  

2 Mississippi police officers on leave after girl left alone in car dies; 1 of them is her mother, authorities say.  

It took Dyson 4 years and $70 million to design a blow dryer  

How Goldman Sachs lost $1.2 billion of Libya’s money  

6 “healthy” foods nutritionists refuse to eat  

10 reasons why you're always hungry  

These 4 things kill relationships  

10 things to know before dating a Southern gentleman  

5 things we learned from Netflix's new Amanda Knox documentary  

5 hidden Facebook tricks you need to know  

----new cluster ---
The Latest: Colombia's president concedes defeat on peace accord and says cease-fire to remain in place.  

BREAKING: FARC leader reiterates rebels' willingness to work toward peace following referendum defeat. 

The Latest: Colombian voters appear to have rejected a peace deal with the FARC rebels by a razor-thin margin.  

BREAKING: Colombians appear to reject peace deal by razor-thin margin, major shock for war-torn country. 

Colombians narrowly reject peace deal that would have ended 52-year war with FARC rebels  

Colombians voted on historic peace deal that could end the 52-year war that has left more than 220,000 dead.  

Colombia's peace deal with FARC rejected 

RT @AJENews: Voters in Colombia's referendum have narrowly rejected a peace deal between the government and FARC rebels  

RT @AJENews: BREAKING: Voters in Colombia reject peace deal between govt and FARC rebels. More soon on  

Colombia referendum: voters reject peace deal with Farc guerrillas  

Colombia referendum rejects peace deal with Farc guerrillas  

----new cluster ---
Arrest after girl dragged from Norwich Pointers field play area  

Bafta Cymru: Terry Jones 'very proud' to get award  

Arrest after girl dragged from Norwich Pointers field play area  

Bafta Cymru: Terry Jones 'very proud' to get award  

Arrest after girl dragged from Norwich Pointers field play area  

Bafta Cymru: Terry Jones 'very proud' to get award  

Arrest after girl dragged from Norwich Pointers field play area  

Bafta Cymru: Terry Jones 'very proud' to get award  

----new cluster ---
GOAL! Burnley 0-1 Arsenal (Koscielny 90+2)Don't miss any action at  

GOAL! Big goal at the Stadium of Light as Van Aanholt (83') equalises for Sunderland against WBA…  

GOALS! Costa doubles Chelsea's lead while two goals in two minutes keep Watford and Bournemouth level…  

GOAL! Boro's lead lasts minutes as Payet (57') fires West Ham level after a flurry of step-overs…  

GOALS! Stuani puts Boro ahead at West Ham while Deeney draws Watford level with Bournemouth  

GOAL! It's another away team opener as Chadli (35') puts West Brom ahead at Sunderland  

GOAL! Wilson (31) puts Bournemouth in front at Watford with the first goal of the 3pm #MSNMatchday kick offs…  

Hull v Chelsea - Sunderland v WBA - Watford v Bournemouth - West Ham v Boro - follow LIVE coverage…  

GOAL! Milner (84' pen) gives Liverpool late lead after Rangel fouls Firmino in the box  

GOAL! Firmino (54') levels for Liverpool with a free header - follow LIVE coverage  

The Dutch are slowly recognizing that their blackface tradition of Zwarte Piet is racist and weird  

----new cluster ---
Is there ever a right time to tell someone you don’t agree with a parenting decision?  

Some fear that fat-shaming comments by a presidential candidate will encourage others to go further…  

How are crimes handled in Antarctica where there are no permanent courts, prisons or police forces?  

A brother and sister decide to come out to their 95-year-old Mennonite father  

Teaching teenagers to cope with the stress and insecurity of high school  

Is "Westworld" HBO’s next big hit?  

Teaching teenagers to cope with the stress and insecurity of high school  

The Ethicist: Do I have to tell my family that I'm no longer religious?  

The sport that brought Vin Scully, the voice of the Dodgers, and his wife, Sandi, together? Football, not baseball.…  

Pope: Jesus would never turn away transgender faithful and priests should accompany them spiritually. By @nwinfield.  

This article is a good way tapas the time  

Craving a holiday? Of course you are. These city breaks cost less than £250  

‘I don’t feel guilty. My affair saved our marriage’  

Drivers, behave yourselves!  

Surgeons are saving Syrian lives by Skype  

Are today's feminists unable to debate or tolerate alternative opinions to their own?  

Watching paint being mixed is the latest Instagram trend 🍥 

Need a quick break?  

.@henrywinter meets @Johnnstones: “Pep’s improved me in everything”  

From our midday update: Russia in danger of becoming ‘pariah nation’, says @BorisJohnson  

US warns Samsung washing machine owners after reports of explosions  

RT @CNNPolitics: Reality Check: Who's right about constitutionality of stop-and-frisk  

An ISIS sniper killed a Dutch journalist in Sirte, Libya on Sunday  

RT @BBCNormanS: The economy faces "turbulence" over Brexit says Chancellor 

MSPs to examine election officials' pay amid 'public concern'  

Headmasters' warning against public-private sector 'arranged marriage'  

Philip Hammond: I'll have different approach to Osborne  

Tube strike ballot over job cuts announced  

BP's Clair oil platform shut down after leak  

RT @BBCNormanS: The economy faces "turbulence" over Brexit says Chancellor 

MSPs to examine election officials' pay amid 'public concern'  

Headmasters' warning against public-private sector 'arranged marriage'  

Philip Hammond: I'll have different approach to Osborne  

Tube strike ballot over job cuts announced  

BP's Clair oil platform shut down after leak  

RT @BBCNormanS: The economy faces "turbulence" over Brexit says Chancellor 

MSPs to examine election officials' pay amid 'public concern'  

Headmasters' warning against public-private sector 'arranged marriage'  

Philip Hammond: I'll have different approach to Osborne  

Tube strike ballot over job cuts announced  

BP's Clair oil platform shut down after leak  

RT @BBCNormanS: The economy faces "turbulence" over Brexit says Chancellor 

MSPs to examine election officials' pay amid 'public concern'  

Headmasters' warning against public-private sector 'arranged marriage'  

Philip Hammond: I'll have different approach to Osborne  

Tube strike ballot over job cuts announced  

BP's Clair oil platform shut down after leak  

Get to know the security features in the Edge browser  

Lexus flips the SUV inside out with the UX Concept at Paris 2016  

The sharp Volkswagen I.D. concept has a little bit of Golf in it  

What to do if your Windows 10 PC crashes  

DJI Mavic Pro means never having to leave your drone home (pictures)  

Manage multiple Instagram accounts from the official app  

'Luke Cage' binge-watchers punched out by two-hour Netflix outage  

Fuze case for iPhone 7 wants to bring back the jack  

How to embed Instagram photos, videos  

#LukeCage binge-watchers punched out by two-hour Netflix outage  

Back underway at Turf Moor with #Burnley v #ArsenalFollow the latest  

HALF-TIME: Burnley 0-0 ArsenalDon't miss any of the action with our live blog #PremierLeague 

Can Wenger's side do any damage at Burnley? Follow the action LIVE  

FULL TIME! Chelsea go sixth with win at Hull alongside a hat-trick of 3pm draws - get all the reaction:…  

GOAL! Deadlock finally broken at Hull as Willian (61) curls Chelsea ahead  

The half time scores in the #PremierLeague make good reading for Baggies and Cherries fans  

FULL TIME! Liverpool seal come from behind 2-1 win in Wales to ramp up pressure on Guidolin  

Leroy Fer's goal gave Swansea the 1-0 half time lead but can they hold on in the second half?…  

Theresa May made it clear that Britain does not need to “punch above our weight”  

RT @TelegraphSport: #TEAMUSA HAVE WON THE #RYDERCUP  

'She's going to stab me': Peter Hook reveals details of turbulent marriage to Caroline Aherne  

Chinese authorities need to guard against bad debt crisis 

Urban foxhunting is an idea whose time has come. To Starbucks! Tally ho!  

BBC accused of encouraging racial tension by trying to get English Defence League to appear on Question Time  

"Find Sparrow for me and relay a message from Capitan Salazar and tell him: Death comes straight for him."  

RT @USATODAYsports: The final game of Vin Scully's 67-year career was a poignant one.  

RT @USATODAYsports: The field is set for the MLB playoffs.  

It was not a pretty picture. Lindsay Lohan tweets about losing half her finger.  

Vin Scully reassures us baseball will go on.  

How an Asian family empire may help Rolling Stone  

For the first time since 2008, the U.S. can finally claim golf superirority over Europe  

Gun-show customers’ license plates come under scrutiny  

A look at Tim Kaine’s importance to Hillary Clinton’s campaign  

U.S. shows it is golf’s top dog—uh-oh!  

Inside Mike Pence’s debate strategy  

This is where your smartphone battery begins  

Holding out hope for a bigger raise or bonus in 2017? Don't.  

"The hardest role of his life": Widow describes disease that drove Robin Williams to suicide  

This teenager was walking for hours to and from work — until a police stop changed his life  

The environmental cost of making the batteries in your smartphone  

"Westworld" is both a violent anti-hero show and a critique of the genre from @AlyssaRosenberg  

Eerie, beautiful photos captured by #Rosetta in moments before it smashed into a comet:  

Cowboys fans take over Levi's, 49ers players react  

Vin Scully gets emotional, offers classic quips in final game  

#Cowboys fans take over Levi's Stadium - "I couldn't believe it," said the 49ers' Ahmad Brooks.…  

Cyndi Lauper! Plus all the wackiness, weirdness, and good tunes-ness of #HSB16:  

Got wet? See how long Bay Area showers will last  

More than 170,000 expected in SF for Dreamforce  

A dozen homes destroyed by fire in Santa Cruz Mountains  

49ers lose star and lose game to Cowboys  

What are the risks of oil drilling in the Arctic and how prepared is the world to handle a catastrophic spill?  

Life in a Jordan Valley firing zone  

The refugee crisis beyond Europe  

RT @AJENews: A Dutch journalist has been killed while covering a government-backed offensive against ISIL in Libya's of Sirte  

What has #BlackLivesMatter achieved? @AJUpFront speaks to @ShaunKing and Barbara Reynolds  

This amazing bookshop used to be a theatre  

Daniel Radcliffe reveals he spends little of his fortune  

Pope calls gender theory a 'global war out to destroy marriage'  

Finally we know what Brexit actually means  

Ruth Davidson is very reluctant to say whether she actually supports Boris Johnson  

My eating disorder made me feel trapped in a box, but I found a way out  

Vulnerable refugees to be moved from 'squalid' camps on Greek islands  

Runner’s cheating is exposed but for once a sponsor stands tall  

All the Kremlin’s Men: Inside the Court of Vladimir Putin – review  

Philip Hammond to set out his stall for balanced budget at Tory conference  

Pope Francis sets French priest murdered by Isis on path to sainthood  

Hate crimes in L.A. County jumped in 2015, report says  

Feeling earthquake anxiety? Here's what you can do to be prepared  

Yosemite official stepping down amid harassment allegations  

Harvard-educated attorney pleads guilty in bizarre Vallejo kidnapping  

Hillary Clinton lands a big Ohio endorsement: LeBron James  

Thank you, Vin Scully.  

5 Emerging Content Opportunities Your Newsroom Should Be Trialling Now  

RT @abbeserphos: .@Reuters is the latest large news agency to embrace content automation  

RT @Tate: Can a machine make us look afresh at great art, through the lens of today’s world?  

Visit  

RT @ReutersPR: We are partnering with @ONEm_com to bring @Reuters news to millions with no mobile internet  

RT @SAP: .@ReutersAgency can report on shifts in public opinion as they occur. Helping news organizations #runsimple  

Join us at #DMSUSA16 in NYC on September 7-9 to discuss the media conundrum with the industry’s elite – book now:  

RT @ReutersPR: Reuters announces mobile-ready captioned videos for publishers  

RT @CassLGarrison: My #FacebookLive interview with @Reuters photog @KPfaffenbach on his viral Usain Bolt image  

RT @corinne_podger: Thank you @ReutersUK. Brilliant #MojoLondon event this evening  

RT @PMagid: Snapchat talk take-aways: it's fast, it's creative and you can use it on any platform. #mojoLondon  

RT @SuchandrikaC: P.S. @YusufOmarSA is currently a fan of @facebooklive + @periscopetv #MojoLondon (but this is liable to change)  

RT @KSegedin: Build it on Snapchat, send it in, edit and share to other platforms #MoJoLondon 

RT @georgesarge: Snapchat with undercover journalism allows you to store videos in the cloud and leave no trace – @YusufOmarSA. #MojoLondon 

RT @SuchandrikaC: .@Snapchat is 2016 version of Microsoft Paint, says @YusufOmarSA - blank canvas for content creation #MojoLondon  

RT @GemmaNJamieson: Cool video interactive videos! Thanks for sharing! @YusufOmarSA @ReutersUK #MoJoLondon  

RT @georgesarge: And we're off! Getting started at #mojolondon at @Reuters. @YusufOmarSA coming soon, hopefully with some good tips. https:… 

Video shows Haitian orphanage in path of #Matthew getting prepared for approaching hurricane.…  

Taliban insurgents launch coordinated attack on city of Kunduz in northeast region of Afghanistan, officials say.  

Kindergartener critically wounded in South Carolina school shooting died Saturday, according to coroner.…  

The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge wrap up their Canadian royal tour with Prince George and Princess Charlotte.…  

Dodgers announcer Vin Scully calls final game of 67-year Hall of Fame broadcasting career.  

This device lets you charge your smartphone with moving water  

Yellen can’t hide the struggle inside the Fed  

How Adidas got its game back  

Meet the Pi people, adoring adherents of the third-best-selling computer of all time, behind the Mac and the PC.…  

How to handle the financial burden of Alzheimer’s  

How to retire at 40  

Secret Swiss gold vaults are the new Swiss bank accounts  

The computer voting revolution is already crappy, buggy, and obsolete  

Hillary Clinton returns to Ohio after a month-long absence  

Russia warns against U.S. attack on Syrian forces  

Review: 'Deepwater Horizon' brings life to oil tragedy  

24 high-paying jobs that are low in stress  

Quiz: Is it a date?  

Lindsay Lohan says she lost half of her finger in a boating accident  

----new cluster ---
How to pick the best credit card, based on rewards? Our guide:  

One NYT reader's reaction to Donald Trump's tax records  

Trump is attacking Clinton over Bill's infidelity. It could resurface a painful part of U.S. history and her life.  

Live from New York, it's Alec Baldwin as Donald Trump  

Leak of some of Donald Trump's tax returns highlights enormous disparities in the tax code.  

How do the colors look with the latest Philips Hue LED?  

Donald Trump's Washington hotel graffitied with 'Black Lives Matter'  

Donald Trump mocks Hillary Clinton over her pneumonia outbreak  

A look at Monday's paper: #HurricaneMatthew targets #Haiti and #Cuba; Tax report caps a tough week for #Trump; Amer…  

The NFL still hates dancing. At least when Antonio Brown does it.  

Donald Trump’s rough week vexes GOP  

Clinton stays silent on the campaign trail on Trump's taxes - but takes some big swings on Twitter  

Test your knowledge on who said it: real Donald Trump or Alec Baldwin as Donald Trump?  

The most shocking part of Donald Trump’s tax records isn’t the $916M loss everyone’s talking about  

Opinion: The first debate was a defeat for Trump. Here’s why the second could be an outright massacre.  

Margot Robbie impersonates Keira Knightley and Ivanka Trump on SNL  

Tax troubles threaten Trump as election day nears, and so does his own approach to campaigning…  

Watch Alec Baldwin as Donald Trump on Saturday Night Live  

Trump's response to tax return report: It shows I know tax laws  

"Black lives matter" and "no justice no peace" spray-painted on Donald Trump's new luxury hotel in DC.…  

Four years of tax returns all show Donald Trump paid no federal income tax.  

These foreign investors were promised green cards. Where did the money go?  

Donald Trump’s tabloid love affair with the National Enquirer  

Did Donald Trump's executives violate the Cuban embargo?  

----new cluster ---
Extremely dangerous Hurricane Matthew threatens Haiti, Jamaica and Cuba, @dmcfadd reports.  

Among #AP10ThingstoKnow: Major shock for war-torn Colombia; Trump may or may not have paid taxes for years.  

Several thousand students march through Mexico City to mark the anniversary of 1968 massacre.  

Pope Francis to visit Portugal next year and is "almost sure" he'll go to India and Bangladesh.  

A look at what Colombia's national referendum result may mean.  

May put Britain on the path to “hard Brexit” but her appeal for immediate negotiations ran into instant opposition…  

● EU leaders reject May over 'hard' Brexit talks ● Police criticised in VIP abuse report #TomorrowsPapersToday  

Autumn is here, which means...  

Bulgaria bans the burka  

Giving up your takeaway cappuccinos could save on average £608.84 a year 😮 

@ultimatefan1234 may we have permission to feature your video? Verify here:  

Salmon, sea cows and swimming pigs: The world's weirder snorkeling spots  

Delays after Eurostar train hits wild boar in France  

Tesco faces UK legal action over accounting scandal  

Delays after Eurostar train hits wild boar in France  

Tesco faces UK legal action over accounting scandal  

Delays after Eurostar train hits wild boar in France  

Tesco faces UK legal action over accounting scandal  

Delays after Eurostar train hits wild boar in France  

Tesco faces UK legal action over accounting scandal  

Theresa May says Britain must look beyond Europe - as she vows to trigger Article 50 by March  

Twitter's UK arm books £1.24m tax bill, accounts show 

Dozens dead after stampede in Ethiopia  

Eurostar train ploughs into wild boar causing delays for passengers  

Is it ethical to not vote this year for president?  

Weeks after @TrumpDC's soft opening, it is vandalized with #BlackLivesMatter sayings.  

RT @carolyncerbin: Move back to Mexico': Ariz. couple get hate mail over flag. Trump to blame?  

At 18 years old he donated a kidney. Now he regrets it.  

How decades of divorce helped erode religion  

Man says he survived 2 grizzly attacks (WARNING: Graphic)  

Man says he was attacked twice in a row by grizzly bear, lived to post the tale (WARNING: Graphic video):…  

Lombard Street at night 📷: @cyb1979 . #lombardstreet #sf #sanfrancisco #citybythebay #sflove…  

Human Jenga! Amazing images from human tower competition  

Human Jenga? Photos from Spain's delightful, colorful Tarragona Competition:  

Educating girls in South Sudan  

Morocco elections: The Voice of The People  

Eastern Congo: "We produce minerals that make the world richer while we remain poor"  

Is Nigeria moving forward or backward?  

A Dalit author issues a call to rebuild India and Australia with humanity not discrimination at their core.…  

From Mauritania to Copenhagen, we hear the stories of people who have escaped oppression to seek better lives.  

Denmark considers compulsory language test for all two-year-olds  

Article 50 could be triggered by March. Here's what it means for the UK  

Theresa May: a Tory saviour who offers no sense of hope
Theresa May on collision course with Tory backbenchers over hard Brexit  

Steve Bell’s If ... on Empress Theresa May' starfleet conference  

The truth about British army abuses in Iraq must come out
Oculus Rift and the uses and abuses of VR  

A low turnout has invalidated Hungary's ballot on E.U. refugee quotas  

"How I became a morning person"  

